#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make pip-compile
#
argcomplete==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   nox
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/main.txt
    #   django
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/main.txt
    #   redis
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   interrogate
    #   pytest
babel==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
black==23.3.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
bracex==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   wcmatch
build==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pip-tools
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/main.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   black
    #   interrogate
    #   mkdocs
    #   pip-tools
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   interrogate
    #   mkdocs-material
colorlog==6.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   nox
coverage==7.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pytest-cov
crispy-bootstrap5==0.7
    # via -r requirements/main.txt
distlib==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   virtualenv
dj-database-url==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/main.txt
django==4.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/main.txt
    #   crispy-bootstrap5
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   model-bakery
django-crispy-forms==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.txt
    #   crispy-bootstrap5
django-ipware==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/main.txt
django-ratelimit==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/main.txt
django-stubs==1.16.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
django-stubs-ext==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   django-stubs
fakeredis==2.10.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
filelock==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   virtualenv
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements/main.txt
hiredis==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements/main.txt
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/main.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pytest
interrogate==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
isort==5.12.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
markdown==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pymdown-extensions
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs
mkdocs==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs-include-markdown-plugin
    #   mkdocs-material
mkdocs-include-markdown-plugin==6.0.4
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
mkdocs-material==9.5.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
model-bakery==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.txt
    #   yarl
mypy==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   django-stubs
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
nox==2022.11.21
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   mkdocs
    #   nox
    #   pytest
paginate==0.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
pathspec==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
pip-tools==6.12.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
platformdirs==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pytest
psycopg2==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements/main.txt
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   interrogate
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
pymdown-extensions==10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   build
pytest==7.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
pytest-mock==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   ghp-import
python-decouple==3.8
    # via -r requirements/main.txt
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs
redis==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/main.txt
    #   fakeredis
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
ruff==0.0.257
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
sentry-sdk==1.18.0
    # via -r requirements/main.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   python-dateutil
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   fakeredis
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/main.txt
    #   django
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   interrogate
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   interrogate
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   django-stubs
types-dj-database-url==1.2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.txt
types-pytz==2022.7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   django-stubs
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   django-stubs
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   mypy
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/main.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
virtualenv==20.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   nox
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs
wcmatch==8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs-include-markdown-plugin
wheel==0.40.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pip-tools
whitenoise==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements/main.txt
yarl==1.8.2
    # via -r requirements/main.txt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
pip==23.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   pip-tools
setuptools==67.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.txt
    #   -r requirements/main.txt
    #   gunicorn
    #   pip-tools
